aero and there shorter part 2
cut it on the gash more precisely gash on
Cut means that we have been bought
by the way we are all honest we are people
not rich in general honestly this car here
look there it will be as you think
how much can it cost with documents
Now she does it all goes Starts
great by themselves and it’s not putrid here
so imagine just imagine
who who guesses that well done I sort of
I'll tell you now anyway
interesting guess guess not guess
how much it can cost 8 drum
fraction of 44 thousand rubles, I am not honest
I say forty four thousand rubles here
please car subaru impreza
so was bought for what for
to open the hood throw it away
one and a half liter shit from here but not
shit engine is generally normal then
looking for what purposes for our purposes
he doesn't seem to throw out very much
put here here so here here
hence the engine of decoction x but because
then the engine is worth doing i was sergey
does not burn at all
Well, do not pay tax by the way if you
such a card let's review now
do on her but still since she
give us our hands let me show you all
as soon as possible so little
perished on this one
and the difference from the usual vrx is by the way
first-generation impreza see such
funds here are more aggressive trellis
another well naturally bumper another
here on the diagram everything is different
by the way pay attention to labor I
papal crankcase protection for terraces see
protect the crater along with this sensor
impreza
well fun done so let's go inside but
we have the steering wheel right mechanic but glasses
of course without frames everything is elite
we have almost a beggar equipment
the conditioner is electroglasses that is
Well, show here inside with glass
for some reason, but usually now here here
all these buttons are but here here
so here are done and since the right
for example, I immediately thought that the wheel
here is this driver but it turns out
Driver authors of this because all the same
mirror turn signals here with us
on the right it turns out the wipers here on the left and
wipers see this way
Voytyuk street what I said there she is not
start up that is well spoken start up
here we will prove
please 44 thousand rubles
here but how can she go so come
the cabin review well there is of course such
asceticism minimalism there is no pillows
Bibikova so sad a little bit 44000
bibikat let's go on the buttons go have
such a huge button I do not know why
so big probably often
used rear window heating
left emergency gang steering and us adjustment
steering adjustment years eat forward backward
but no removal means we have size
there must be some other buttons here
buttons but they don’t hope for not only
more expensive trim levels
there is an adjustment of mirrors but by the way not
we are on the edge of the mirror
evolved so there is no climate
here is the usual conditioner with them
center console well, so of course
it looks sadly switch and
felt it is not electric
I feel the effort and I feel something
thrust
switches guides here
air flow is directed then downwards upwards
rook air conditioning eat warm cold
interior recycling
the volume of the stove mafon is mafon
Chinese is certainly not a native ashtray
PU rollers with eccentric and elite barrels
I do not know cigarettes now such cigarettes
whale is well shorter mechanics first
transfer look at instructions
the activity of the action is written 1 1
it would seem to yourself but no it is 5 that is
on my own as well as on the left hand 1 2 3
so the trickle of the armrest there is nothing
but here probably should be a button
for the machine if there is a winter mode
economy mode so let's open
trunk well that's putrid he decided
sit down from the gate capture lasted
run into what looked there
rottenness is the only minus that's over forty
four thousand that is that's rotten
Apparently someone sees a pen fleet
digested and not for that sucks
processed only painted in the rain but u
we plan can be from here
rearrange wait on the light c
Well, at least too a little putty but
right side everything is awesome then left
and to the right is such a rot la give trunk
open this trunk also rotted
Maritsa here is water and rotten
there is a well we have a normal cap
trunk can put put it
night tank for rear window fluid
here did you eat it here
Antenna electrical on fucking not
it works but you can hear it
tyk tyk tyk tyck ignition included
a motor that will create training and
I do not know the training grid some
put mosquito mirror
toning show mirror tonirovochka
I will reach see what camera
mass he said that we shoot
on mobile we see gd written and d
so something else fart well let's show
engine and wrestling wrestling decided
show wrestling there is wrestling so
Chapter 2 now I'll show you the hood
Well, honestly we bought the engine here
problematic because what we have motor
there to the car rides the vehicle starts up but
and and overheated considering knocking became nina
no one understood began to knock a
overheated why
see they have a weak point
weak without a crack cracked radiator
all liquid has evaporated and into the motor
overheated but the wedge did not catch it
he starts up a little taps
boxer motor
one and a half liter but who said that
it is difficult to change the candles look here
she is a candle that is elementary
stealing up and changing but new market
Of course not to change and a lot of Rex
here it is longer and here is the candle and
distance somewhere in the finger that is well and
at the cottage engine and raise the candles
change here everything is easy and simple
watch how cool done on top
access generator is a compressor
air conditioner
it's power steering all very comfortable
change there is something very broken
engine repairable
one and a half liter how many this car
200 mileage too probably there but in general
200,000 but if not overheated I think
on chase would chase and chase big
hole under the windshield washer yes
exactly test is convenient so in general
for the people for the hip make the fifth year
my name is called to pronounce
old woman so close the hood
this old part broke nothing though u
we are here the hood will not know
we will not immediately move that one
dude and this one knows about this dude only
people who are between 20 and 20 to 30 years old
there is and over thirty you do not know what
is it if before the 20th you also
only know the work of dudes knows what it is
it means but to all the guys here is so small
The review turned out to be something that is not a male review
Part 2 of this review review
cut that is, we will now be in the third
engine parts understand and here classen
most likely the rear arches also sawed and
put but also a box so all
subscribe put like buy